# bayes-design-hist-control
This repository contains SAS programs and files that can be used to reproduce all of the results presented in the paper "A Practical Bayesian Adaptive Design Incorporating Data from Historical Controls"

MANUSCRIPT IN DEVELOPMENT - README TO BE FULLY DEVELOPED WHEN MANUSCRIPT ACCEPTED

====
Directory Structure
====

The following directory structure is assumed for the tools (as written) and a brief description of the contents of folders is given:

[root]/data

[root]/data/raw_data                             --> contains raw data (text file) for the study that is used as input for the design (i.e., the historical data). The SAS programs above create several SAS datasets and store them in this folder. Only the raw text file is included in the GitHub repository to keep the size down. All other content can be generated by the SAS programs above.

[root]/data/sampling_priors                      --> contains SAS datasets that correspond to the parameter perturbations used in the paper. (empty on GitHub)
 
[root]/data/simulation_controls                  --> contains SAS datasets that correspond to the simulations settings used for simulations. These datasets are used as input for programs. (empty on GitHub)

[root]/data/simulation_results                   --> contains the analysis results (e.g. estimated type I error rate) and properties
of best designs identified (e.g., choice of w_0). (empty on GitHub)

[root]/../macros                                 --> contains the SAS macros used in the paper (used by SIM programs and CVOT design programs)

[root]/cluster-scripts                           --> Shell scripts to run jobs on a Linux cluster using a SLURM scheduler. There is one batch script for each program. Several programs are designed to be run as array jobs. The batch scripts should be executed in order.

[root]/cluster-logs                              --> SAS logs for the program runs.

[root]/cluster-out                               --> OUT files for produced by SLURM scheduler.

[root]/cluster-err                               --> ERR files for produced by SLURM scheduler.

[root]/                                          --> location where the SAS programs above reside.

In each program there is a macro variable named ROOT that stores the users root directory path. That path must be changed to match the users chosen directory for the SAS programs to work.
